#### Do you want to watch a film?

The goal of this small app is to let the user have a list of the films that in their title have the word "love". Do you want to change the films list? Have a look on the code and change the terms of search.


=================================

## Architecture

Clean Architecture. The apps id divided in three layers:

1. Data
2. Domain
3. Presentation

### Data
We get the films through the _OMDB API_. I use *Retrofit* as a library to manage the API requests.

### Domain
This layer doesn't care about the others. It has to be implemented in any neutral language (_Java_ or _Kotlin_, for instance) and it doesn't have any reference to the _Android SDK_. The use cases have the responsibility to execute the actions generated by the app or the user.

### Presentation
This layer is in charge of showing the information on the screen. It has relationship with the _Android SDK_. Inside of it, we use ***MVP (Model - View Presenter)***

---------------

## Good practices (SOLID?)

### Single Responsibility
I follow all through the project. Have a look on the ___MovieViewHolder__ class.

### Depency Injection
*Koin* is the way (library) I followed to do the _Dependency Injection_.

### MVP
The views are interfaces that are implemented by the screen (_Activities_ or _Fragments_) in order to have the less possible code on it just to implement the way to render the information on the screen.

--------------------------


## Testing




================================

#### Tools
* AndroidX
* Material Design
* Picasso
* CardView
* Koin
* Coroutines
- I use coroutines through all the project to do the communication between layers.

You can check all them out in the _buildsytem/dependencies.gradle_ file